# Common Issues and Solutions

#### Error: _"**Salesforce\force-app\main\default\applications\Chatter\_Delete\_Blocker.app-meta.xml**"_ <a href="#error-salesforceforceappmaindefaultapplicationschatterdeleteblockerappmetaxml" id="error-salesforceforceappmaindefaultapplicationschatterdeleteblockerappmetaxml"></a>

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Error Information</th><th>Steps for Resolution</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Descriptions:</strong><br>Getting an error <code>“</code><strong><code>Salesforce\force-app\main\default\applications\Chatter_Delete_Blocker.app-meta.xml</code></strong><code>”</code> when writing a custom SonarQube rules using the Xpath Template rule for Salesforce Metadata (sfmeta:XPathRule).<br><br><strong>Causes:</strong><br>The analysis is looking for a match with a file name and the suffix entered in the field, but it cannot find any, which is why the above error is thrown.</td><td><ol><li><p>This is expected behavior because Codescan cannot decide which rules to apply to the files. </p><ul><li>To remove file patterns listed for sonar.lang.patterns.xml, navigate to <strong><code>Project Settings > General Settings > Language</code></strong></li></ul></li></ol></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### Error: _CodeScan analysis is getting failed with the error "Job took long. We will attempt to rerun with more memory"_ <a href="#error-codescan-analysis-is-getting-failed-with-the-error-job-took-long-we-will-attempt-to-rerun-with" id="error-codescan-analysis-is-getting-failed-with-the-error-job-took-long-we-will-attempt-to-rerun-with"></a>

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Error Information</th><th>Steps for Resolution</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Descriptions:</strong><br>CodeScan analysis is getting failed with the error <strong><code>"Job took long. We will attempt to rerun with more memory."</code></strong><br><br><strong>Causes:</strong><br>This error may occur for projects having huge metadata.</td><td><ol><li><p>Increase the Project's Java heap memory size to analyze the project sources. </p><ul><li>On the CodeScan's Project page, navigate to <strong><code>Project Settings > Project Analysis</code></strong>.</li><li>Click on the <strong><code>Edit Project</code></strong> button.</li><li>Update the <strong><code>Project Memory</code></strong> by selecting the required memory from the drop-down. <em>The memory size can be overridden and increased at the organization level.</em></li></ul></li><li><p> Check for the rule <strong><code>"Avoid Cleartext Transmission of Sensitive Information in the default quality profile"</code></strong>in your default quality profile. If available, please deactivate it. Use the steps mentioned below:</p><ul><li>Create a new quality profile for Apex language.</li><li>Deactivate the <strong><code>"Avoid Cleartext Transmission of Sensitive Information in the default quality profile"</code></strong> rule.</li><li>Set the newly created profile as <strong>default</strong>.</li></ul></li></ol><p>For detailed steps, please refer to the article: <a href="https://knowledgebase.autorabit.com/codescan/docs/customising-quality-profiles">Customising Quality Profiles</a></p></td></tr></tbody></table>
