# Release Notes 23.1

## ARM Release Notes 23.1 <a href="#arm-release-notes-23-1" id="arm-release-notes-23-1"></a>

**September 2023**

**Version 23.1 – New Features, Enhancements, and Improvements**

**Supports Provar** Current Version: 2.10.1&#x20;

**Supports Apex PMD** Current Version: 7.0.0

### New Features

**1. Automatic Merge after Successful CI Build**\
We know that understanding and managing version control can sometimes be a challenge. ARM offers the flexibility to cherry-pick branch revisions for merge or deployment. Now you can automate this process of cherry-picking the revisions in CI Jobs as a post-deployment step.

The '**Run Merge process on successful deployment**' feature keeps track of builds in source branches and merges them into a designated destination branch if they meet the configured criteria (for example, if the build is successful). Rather than requiring manual effort, upstream merges may now be automated by the **Salesforce Release Manager** using revision numbers that were determined as part of a build cycle in CI jobs.

Users will be notified via email of the success or failure of the automated merge process.

**2. Create and Install an Unlocked Package Version from a Version Control Branch**\
Use ARM CI intelligence to create a package version, build using the SFDX project structure in a Version Control branch, and install the same in the destination org of your choice—all from the same page.

You can now generate an unlocked package version automatically through the CI job, and as part of the deployment, it is deployed in the same build cycle. Until the 22.2 version, it picked the latest package version that was already successfully created in ARM.

When users create a CI job using this option, ARM checks the Version Control. If there is a change, it builds a new version on top of the packages. Once the package is created, then the deployment is triggered automatically.

**3. Create Connected Apps**\
ARM now gives access to users to create and maintain their OAuth credentials. Users can set up the **Connected Apps** for Jira OAuth and register the credentials with ARM.

You can add, edit, and delete your Jira login credentials instead of contacting AutoRABIT to manage the connected apps. Once created, simply provide us with the connected app details like **Client ID** and **Secret Keys**.

We use these details to connect as an ALM and test the connection.

**4. RESTricted Emails**\
The new **RESTricted Emails** section on the **Notifications** page of the Admin module helps ensure that ARM-related emails are not sent to deactivated users.

Admins can either add users to this list manually or deactivate the respective users from the **Users** page of the Admin module, and they will be automatically added to this list. These users will not receive ANY emails including deactivation, forgotten password, reset password, jobs executed in the application, etc. Admins can also use the same two methods to reactivate a user and remove them from this list.

There is also a provision for an Admin to remove all users from the **RESTricted Emails** list at once.

**5. Dependency Analyzer**\
Dependency Analyzer helps you understand the dependencies among various components in your Salesforce org. It allows you to analyze the relationships among objects, fields, classes, triggers, and other metadata components.

With Quality Gates, ARM helps Salesforce developers run multiple checks to understand if and how their commits can break a Salesforce org. Currently, we enforce the following gates:

* SAST, SSPM, and AST (Static Code Analysis, Salesforce Security Posture Management, and Application Security Testing)
* Deployment Validation
* File Change Footprint
* Peer-to-Peer Code Review

With the introduction of the Dependency Analyzer, we can offer a fourth gate, Dependency Check, which will allow users to see what they are missing due to Salesforce specificity.

We have introduced the Dependency Analyzer in CI Jobs for now, and this is just a start at bringing this functionality to the remaining modules soon.

Users now have the option to ‘**Run Metadata Dependency on Failed Deployments**’ to view the results of failed metadata components with their dependencies and download them in Manifest and XML formats.

**6. ServiceNow – ALM Management**\
The ARM–ServiceNow integration automatically posts updates to ServiceNow tickets. It makes tracking the status of your user stories and support tickets faster and easier. Tasks can be organized by project, allowing an organization to track issues within projects transparently.

ServiceNow will make information more easily accessible and workflows more streamlined, reducing the time and effort required to manage and resolve service requests. Additionally, the integration will allow teams to work more effectively, improving collaboration and communication.

### Enhancements

1. **Salesforce Spring (API 57.0) & Summer (API 58.0) Support**\
   AutoRABIT supports the most recent API 57.0 & API 58.0 versions in this release to keep our product updated with Salesforce updates. The most recent API version is intended for customizing and developing tools to manage the metadata model.
2. **Exporting Selected User Details**\
   Users with Admin access can now choose the fields they want to include while exporting users' details to a CSV file. While selecting the Export option, the list of available fields is displayed. Admins can select and deselect the required fields by clicking the corresponding checkbox. Some of the fields are selected by default for ease of use. Admins can always deselect these fields if they are not required. Thus, based on the teams with whom they will be shared, Admins can customize the fields in the list.
3. **More Info on CI Jobs and Info**\
   Users are now able to view the CI Jobs they created in the CI Job List screen to date inside ARM. The list is displayed in chronological order with the most recent jobs listed at the top.
4. **'Created and Requested by' in Deployment UI**\
   Users are now able to view the ‘Created by’ and ‘Triggered by’ fields in the Deployment home screen without scrolling through multiple screens for this info, enabling monitoring of the deployment’s real-time progress. [Read more](../../../product-guides/arm/arm-features/deployment/)
5. **Self-Service Connected App Setup for Jira OAuth in ARM**\
   We've introduced a self-service feature allowing users to set up Jira OAuth-connected apps in ARM autonomously. With guidance from our user manual's Connected App guide, users can effortlessly create and register their app credentials, eliminating the need for support team assistance. Users can quickly establish a robust connection by inputting the generated Client ID and Server Key into ARM's settings.
6. **Unified Admin Roles**\
   We’re excited to introduce a streamlined and more efficient Admin experience. We’ve consolidated the roles of Super Admin and Registered Admin into a single empowered Admin role. This change means Admins now have a unified set of tools and permissions, streamlining tasks and creating a more user-friendly Admin experience.
7. **CI Jobs List and Results: Filter and Export Option**\
   We've enhanced the platform with a user-friendly quick filter and export feature in response to user feedback. This functionality empowers administrators, release managers, and users to efficiently organize and analyze data by alphabet or date, facilitating faster insights and informed decision-making.
8. **Create Artifact: Release label more than 180 days**\
   In the Create Artifact section, users can now generate a Release Label and have the flexibility to choose an extended timeframe of over 180 days for retrieving comprehensive commit history data. This enhancement offers users a broader historical perspective, facilitating more in-depth analysis and tracking of commits for their projects.
9. <mark style="color:blue;">**Enhanced security and user experience. (NEW)**</mark>\
   The new features focus on enhancing security and user experience. They include a single-user session control to prevent multiple active sessions under the same username, automatic logout for inactivity to bolster security, and support for multiple tabs or pages in the same browser, improving user productivity and maintaining the environment's integrity.

### Improvements

This update has implemented significant performance upgrades to enhance the tool's efficiency and responsiveness. These enhancements encompass optimized queries and leverage new technologies, collectively resulting in a smoother, faster user experience.

#### 15 May 2024

**(ARM 23.1.30)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="154">Module</th><th width="94">ZOHO ID</th><th width="186">Summary</th><th width="90">Version</th><th width="77">Resolution</th><th width="76">Cause</th><th width="72">Default-Enabled Feature Flag</th><th>Feature Flag Name</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td> Deployments </td><td> <a href="https://support.autorabit.com/agent/autorabit/support/tickets/details/241415000150758001">#111008</a></td><td>INVALID_LOGIN: Invalid username or password or security token or API version or user locked out</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control </td><td><p> </p><p><a href="https://support.autorabit.com/agent/autorabit/support/tickets/details/241415000150064831">#110541</a></p></td><td>Not able to see the Merge Request Label Name in BitBucket After Merging</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>MERGE_STRATEGY_ENABLE_NON_FF</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td> Deployments</td><td><p> </p><p><a href="https://support.autorabit.com/agent/autorabit/support/tickets/details/241415000150176528">#110764</a></p></td><td>Redeploy/Promote hangs if previous deployment used specified tests</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>AR_33697_ENABLE_APEX_TEST_GET_CALL</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td> Deployments</td><td><p> </p><p><a href="https://support.autorabit.com/agent/autorabit/support/tickets/details/241415000150176361">#110762</a></p><p> </p></td><td>Email Templates of type VisualForce are not added to the package.xml when deploying</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control </td><td><p> </p><p>NA</p><p> </p></td><td>DX Package Directory Selection lists not visible when configuration changes from Vlocity SF org and  Vlocity repo to DX Repo</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 7 May 2024

**(ARM 23.1.29)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="132">Module</th><th width="248">Summary</th><th width="137">Status</th><th width="89">Fix Version</th><th width="108">Resolution</th><th width="138">Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Commits for Fields on Objects are Removing Lines from related Object XML</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Configuration</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Implemented an option to add Reviewers when Creating an External Pull Request</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Commit Issue with Custom Page Web Links Deletions</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Configure Gated Check-Ins Report for Deployment Validation</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Improve Performance of All Metadata Components Screen</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Administration</p><p> </p></td><td>EBR User Metrics </td><td><p> </p><p>Done</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td>EBR Change Request</td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Data Loader</p><p> </p></td><td>Data Loader Pro jobs not picking up Records</td><td><p> </p><p>Customer Coordination</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Added Loggers</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 29 April 2024

**(ARM 23.1.28)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="146">Module</th><th width="215">Summary</th><th width="138">Status</th><th width="85">Fix Version</th><th width="130">Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Getting error on deployments</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Skip member is not working</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>EZ-Commits failing</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Static resources not identified by ARM SCA </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Merge showing as no modifications</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Error occurred when the user attempted to upload the conflicted zip file from the local system after manual modifications</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Reports</p><p> </p></td><td>Inquiries regarding report module</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td>Deployment from Dev Sandbox to B2C2 QA Org by using feature - New Deployment</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Build did not include second revision</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Requires Customer Coordination</p><p> </p></td><td> </td><td>Loggers added</td><td>Loggers added</td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Run test based on changes, noticed issues</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Requires Customer Coordination</p><p> </p></td><td></td><td>Loggers added</td><td>Loggers added</td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>IDs of parents/children and records not resolving</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 24 April 2024

**(ARM 23.1.27)**

<table><thead><tr><th width="169">Module</th><th width="273">Summary</th><th width="122">Resolution</th><th width="100">Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>EZ-merges: Successful validations were auto-rejected on 'validate deploy' step</td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Release Label: Package is not preparing</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Reports</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Weekly Reports tab error</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td>Backups not being created for user</td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Code Scan Analysis not showing in AR ARM tool - UI</td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>setting default repository</td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td>ExternalCredentialPrincipalAccess (permissionSet) is ignored on a git revision deployment</td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Unknow error while merging site components</td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>CI Job does not deploy all components</td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>SSH connectivity issue</td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>request_closure_duration_mins mismatch for the merges</td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Reports</p><p> </p></td><td>B2C Prod Code Scan report</td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>AR issues</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Added Loggers</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Dataloader</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>User Object Requiring ALL Fields for Uploads </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Added Loggers</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use case</p><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 14 April 2024

**(ARM 23.1.26)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="152">Module</th><th width="188">Summary</th><th width="120">Status</th><th width="92">Version</th><th width="124">Resolution</th><th width="100">Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>Org Sync issue with case components</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>B2C Org sync diff mail notification issue</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs, Deployments</td><td>Einstein Chatbot Deployments Failing</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>Admin</td><td>log files are not present</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>Deployments are not working</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs, Deployments</td><td>Failed to initiate the deployment</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>Version control</td><td>Profile commit progress delay</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>Admin</td><td>Team Administrator modifications creating duplicate Teams and consuming existing licenses</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>Version control</td><td>Issue Retrieving Components </td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>Version control</td><td>Release Label Stuck while building Artifact</td><td>Requires Customer Coordination</td><td></td><td>Loggers added</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>utils.js was not deployed as part of package</td><td>Requires Customer Coordination</td><td></td><td>Loggers added</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>nCino</td><td>Version control record deployments to Salesforce Environments falling off</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>nCino</td><td>Lack of Consistency in Filter Functionality Across Feature Management, Deployment History, Commit History, and CI Jobs</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>Version control</td><td>Unable to view the Autodraft date and managed package changes dropdown</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use case</td></tr><tr><td>Admin</td><td>Super Admin EBR Token Security Enhancement </td><td>Done</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code fix</td><td>Internal change request</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 3 April 2024

**(ARM 23.1.25)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="171">Module</th><th width="355">Summary</th><th width="130">Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Reports, CI Jobs, Deployments, Version Control</td><td>ARM overwrites any exclusions set up in CodeScan UI * Requires documentation.</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Change Request</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>Single revision deployment taking longer time to retrieve revision</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Org registration issue – resolved by displaying in Logs the exact Salesforce error</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Getting empty revision when performing single revision merge with no modifications</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Unable to create branch with branch name containing "&#x26;" through EZ-commit and Modularization</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>nCino</td><td>Failure to Display Jobs in Deployment History for Version Control using Salesforce with Single Revision of initial commit</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>nCino</td><td>Feature Deployment issue with Salesforce Org Version Control when selecting initial commit as Revision</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>nCino</td><td>Version control record deployments to Salesforce environments dropping off</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 27 March 2024

**(ARM 23.1.24)**&#x20;

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="145">Module</th><th width="293">Summary</th><th width="92">Status</th><th width="67">Version Reported</th><th width="70">Fix Version(s)</th><th width="81">Resolution</th><th width="100">Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td>Org Sync question on Moderation Rule difference</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Unable to create EZ-Commit for the new user</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Reports</p><p> </p></td><td>Problem with scheduled code coverage reports</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td>Profile Comparer - Taking too long to deploy</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Issue in Merging</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Incorrect merge status issue</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>The page is taking longer time to load the metadata when selecting to show metadata members.</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Vlocity DataPacks not being baselined</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Getting stuck in loading when trying to Expand ALM mappings</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>CI Deploy job link throwing pop-up error message</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Loggers added in the SCA log to display whether the baseline branch was selected during the commit and merge process</td><td><p> </p><p>Customer Coordination</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NA</p><p> </p></td><td>No Code Fix</td><td>Loggers Added</td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>Data Loader Pro jobs failing for Lead</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>nCino Deployment History - search filter criteria is not working</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Unnecessary select all checkbox is showing in added and modified tab</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Unable to view created credentials</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Returns all CI Jobs History to EBR Data irrespective of active </td><td><p> </p><p>Done</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td>Internal change request in EBR Data Visibility</td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>Feature Deployment Issue with Salesforce Org Version Control</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Data Loader Pro</p><p> </p></td><td>Issue with Audit Fields</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Admin, Version Control</td><td>Unable to register the same repository twice * <br><br><mark style="background-color:yellow;"><strong>REQUIRES FEATURE FLAG</strong></mark><strong>:</strong><br><strong>SKIP_DUPLICATE_REPOSITORY_REGISTRATION_CHECK</strong></td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 20 March 2024

**(ARM v. 23.1.23)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Module</th><th width="252">Summary</th><th align="center">Status</th><th align="center">Fix Version</th><th align="center">Resolution</th><th align="center">Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>nCino CI jobs created are not visible for CI job on successful deployment</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Regarding unable to approve commit request</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Very slow commits</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Unable to create branch with '&#x26;' character getting Exception Error</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Issues after Branching Baseline</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Requires Customer Coordination</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Added Loggers</p><p> </p></td><td align="center">No Code Fix</td><td align="center"></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Reports</p><p> </p></td><td>Static Code Analysis fails with timeout error</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Requires Customer Coordination</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Post fix awaiting customer confirmation.</p><p> </p></td><td align="center">Code Fix for SF CL timeout configuration. </td><td align="center"></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Observing that after the 7th file, RabitCS and Agent logs are not being created or generated. From the 8th file, they are being overridden from Existing files 1 to 7.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs, Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td>Identified below nCino CI Job "related to VC Source job type" displaying issue in CI jobs and Deployments</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Flow Center</p><p> </p></td><td>Enable SSL for the Kafka used to communicate with FlowCenter.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"> Use Case </td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>nCino Feature deployment failed with a “malformed query” error, Feature deployment and Ci Job.<br>nCino CI jobs the customer has run failed with an exception, and the failed records column shows zero.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Data Loader Pro</p><p> </p></td><td>[ARM-QAN5,7] The job is currently running in progress, but the Success Record Count is showing in the Failure Count.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### **13 March 2024**

**(ARM v. 23.1.22)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Module</th><th width="216.6666259765625">Summary</th><th align="center">Fix Version</th><th align="center">Resolution</th><th align="center">Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>Profile Comparer was taking too long to deploy</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>When the agent is external, DevHub authentication was not properly validated in CI Jobs for DX unlock and install-type CI job</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Admin</td><td>Signup account creation email not received by respective created-by owner</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>packExport is not failing when selecting data packs</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>Status Check API working incorrectly on UI</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>Issue when deploying the release to the master branch</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Issue when creating commit labels with dots (.) post upgrade * Feature Flag required (not enabled by default):  INCLUDE_DOT_IN_SFDX_COMMITLABEL_NAME</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Intermittent issue with the Merge screen</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Commit Labels within EZ-Merge no longer sorted by latest Commits</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Reports</td><td>CodeScan analysis discrepancies in APAC Prod * Requires documentation update</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Territory metadata type is not fetched as destructive changes during EZ-Commit.</td><td align="center">23.1</td><td align="center">Code Fix</td><td align="center">Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Dataloader</td><td>Dataloader Pro was not copying over Contact fields when migrating data</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td>Dataloader</td><td>When updating the data using a CSV file, the update operation in Dataloader was failing with the error MISSING_ARGUMENT: ID is not specified</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Dataloader </td><td>The latest record was not being fetched in the single Dataloader</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>nCino </td><td>Deployment History - search filter criteria was not working</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Dataloader </td><td>Problem loading ContentVersion object</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>Deployment stuck</td><td align="center">23.1</td><td align="center">Code Fix</td><td align="center">Use Case</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 6 March 2024

**(ARM v. 23.1.21)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Module</th><th>Summary</th><th align="center">Version</th><th align="center">Resolution</th><th align="center">Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>ARM</p><p> </p></td><td>Not fetching merges when trying to create a release label for Vlocity components.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td>Org Sync issue</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Unable to Log in to AutoRABIT via Okta</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>EZ-Merge - User Approval Setting is not working as expected</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>EZ-Commit Salesforce Org Authors not completed</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Dashboards and reports were overwritten after the deployment to PROD</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Suggestion-SF org UI</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Reports</p><p> </p></td><td>Suggestion to display a notification if a label has already been created for the same branch previously.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Expose API for Super Admin Token Authentication to Test Registered Agents' Connections</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Added metrics in ARM DB </td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>Post Deployment Org Details need to be displayed on CI Job Info pop-up</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>CI Jobs Build Page - Pagination displayed as "undefined"</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>nCino CI jobs - Date Literals Value not being populated</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>When the Source Org is deleted, scheduled CI Job is not triggered from the queue</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>[API Upgrade v59.0] Attachments Object Failed due to "Index 1 out of bounds for length 1" error</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Dataloader</p><p> </p></td><td>Unable to migrate related EmailMessage records of Case</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>Unable to view API 59 version in CI configuration under API version dropdown.</td><td align="center">23.1</td><td align="center">Code Fix</td><td align="center">Use Case</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 28 February 2024

**(ARM v. 23.1.20)**

| Module                                 | Summary                                                                               | Resolution                       | Cause                                 | Feature Flag                              |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| <p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p>           |  Login Error                                                                          | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>Ci Jobs</p><p> </p>         | CI Jobs build date sorting is not functioning as expected for non-Admin users         | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>ARM</p><p> </p>             | SF CLI version upgrade to 2.28.6 for ARM 23.1 instances                               | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Change Request</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p> | Able to approve auto-rejected merge from email                                        | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p> | PersonAccount AutoRABIT bug                                                           | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p>         | It is not possible to run several CI Jobs in parallel when jobs are scheduled.        | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>SFDX</p><p> </p>            | Error on create package version and install type of job.                              | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | AR\_33235\_SKIP\_UPDATE\_PACKAGE\_COMMAND |
| <p> </p><p>Dataloader</p><p> </p>      | CPQ Dataload in Developer Sandbox - Errors                                            | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p>           | nCino CI Job issue                                                                    | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>Dataloader</p><p> </p>      | Invalid CSV file. Please check for blank columns.                                     | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>Dataloader</p><p> </p>      | CSV file does not reset when you go back to the previous step in a single data loader | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p> | Getting Undefined Error for target branch in External Pull request                    | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p> | Unable to resolve conflicts in release label merge.                                   | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |
| <p> </p><p>Flow Center</p><p> </p>     | Search & Substitute rules are not applied in the pipelines.                           | <p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p>       | <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>                  |

#### 21 February 2024

**(ARM v. 23.1.19)**

| Module                                         | Summary                                                                                                                            |            Resolution           |              Cause              |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-----------------------------: | :-----------------------------: |
| VS Code extension Version Control              | <p> </p><p>Cannot set up VS Code Extension</p><p> </p>                                                                             | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Ci Jobs</p><p> </p>                 | <p> </p><p>CI Job and code coverage not running at correct times</p><p> </p>                                                       | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p>         | <p> </p><p>EZ-Commit &#x26; EZ-Merge SCA validation issue</p><p> </p>                                                              | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>All Modules</p><p> </p>             | <p> </p><p>Support for Salesforce Spring ‘24 * Requires Documentation</p><p> </p>                                                  | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> |          Change Request         |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p>         | Unable to commit the action overrides in service appointment object.                                                               | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p>         | Quick Merge shows below pop-up                                                                                                     | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p>         | <p> </p><p>Unable to add the reviewer's name when using an external pull request</p><p> </p>                                       | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p>         | EZ-Merge Validation Failing: "Metadata package is empty"                                                                           | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p>                   | Branching baseline for main branch not bringing all components from production. \* Feature Flag: METADATA\_API\_TO\_DX\_CONVERSION | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p>         | Unable to commit a profile                                                                                                         | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p>         | Release label throwing InvalidFilterExpression error                                                                               | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>nCino </p><p> </p>                  | Error message when attempting to clone a feature template: ‘Request parameters are empty/null.'                                    | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Dataloader</p><p> </p>              | Dataloader Pro issue while triggering the job                                                                                      | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p>         | Add additional metrics in ARM DB.                                                                                                  | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>nCino &#x26; Dataloader</p><p> </p> | nCino - Support for Salesforce Spring ‘24                                                                                          | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>FC, Deployments</p><p> </p>         | Flow Center API: Create a metadata bundle from an org                                                                              | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p>             | "Experience container" metadata type component deployment is failed for org-to-org deployment                                      | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p>         | Unable to view the revision number when clicking on prevalidation merge details.                                                   | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p>         | Unable to fetch date from Auto-Draft when selecting DX branch in sub-user with no mappings.                                        | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p>             | Deployment failed with error: ‘Cannot invoke "java.util.Map.clear()" because "this.relatedLayoutRecordTypeIdsMap" is null’         | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |
| <p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p>                   | CI Jobs: date filter not selectable or enter date value.                                                                           | <p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p> | <p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p> |

#### 12 February 2024

**(ARM v. 23.1.18)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="133">Module</th><th width="139">Summary</th><th>Status</th><th>Fix Version(s)</th><th>Resolution</th><th>Cause</th><th>Feature enabled by default</th><th>Feature Flag Name</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Upgrade to 23.1.16 + Ubuntu OS Upgrade</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Dashboards</p><p> </p></td><td>ARM dashboard</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Org sync - Scheduler not working</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Commit failing without any logs</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Single-revision merge taking a long time</p><p> </p></td><td>Customer Coordination [Added Loggers]</td><td><p> </p><p>No Code Fix - Added Loggers</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>No Code Fix - Added Loggers<br></p></td><td>Data</td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td>NO</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Package.xml fetching the Excluded components during Commit</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Smart checkbox redeployment</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Change Request </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>PG and ARM instances not working as expected</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td>FILE_SYNC_WITH_OPTIMISTIC_LOCK</td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Commit not getting detected</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Error while trying to select the revision from branch</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>NO</p><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 7 February 2024

**(ARM v. 23.1.17)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="99">Module</th><th width="296">Summary</th><th>Status</th><th width="126">Fix Version(s)</th><th width="106">Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>Administration</p><p> </p></td><td>Jira On-prem SSO Cooperation</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Random Error Message</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>Need a feature to save metadata selection before deployment</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>Page unresponsive in new deployment using Previous Deployment as a source type</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Administration, CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Upgrade v59 (Beta) to v59</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Administration</p><p> </p></td><td>CI Job and Code Coverage Not Running at Correct Times</td><td>Customer Coordination </td><td>Customer Coordination </td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Dataloader</p><p> </p></td><td>Configuration job failure</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>In the MergeRequest, CI Job View Screen under Build title, the Merge Request comment alignment is not displaying properly; it is not getting trimmed and appears larger than expected.</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Administration</p><p> </p></td><td>Unable to view ‘Should pass validation criteria for Static Code Analysis’ checkbox under commit validation settings when Salesforce API version is not mapped</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Administration</p><p> </p></td><td>Release Label artifact execution is not working.</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>nCino</td><td>Partial error on CI Job - nCino-Fee Template</td><td>QA Passed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 28 January 2024

**(ARM v. 23.1.16)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Module</th><th width="287">Summary</th><th width="132">Status</th><th width="148">Fix Version(s)</th><th>Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Email communication error in EZ-Commit * Requires documentation.</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Change Request</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Finding WaveDataflow components for commit</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>‘Not a well-formed XML.' error when attempting org-to-org deployments in UAT</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Package CI Job Issue</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>Vlocity Deployment issue</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>22.3, 23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Vlocity Release label issue </td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>EZ-Commit not creating a branch</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>ARM failed to auto-reject EZ-Merge request that has Apex class with less than 90% code coverage. Merge setting enforcing 90% code coverage in mock deployment.</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>CodeScan – Delta scan</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td>Code Fix [Added Loggers for customer understanding,]</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Ignore warnings option in CI jobs is not working properly</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Commit failing without any logs</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Environment Provisioning</p><p> </p></td><td>Apex Anonymous Template not downloadable</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>‘File can't be loaded’ error</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>During Profile Manger Deployment, "NULL MSG: NULL" is displaying in the log</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>Using Package XML: Document XML files are not being listed in the Org compare screen</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix  </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>CI Job build is failing without printing reason in logs for BY SELECTING LAST TILE: install unlock package/managed tile.</td><td><p> </p><p>QA Passed</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix </p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Dataloader Pro</td><td>Multiple issues during data masking</td><td>Customer Coordination – Added Loggers</td><td>23.1</td><td>No Code Fix – Added Loggers</td><td>Data</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 21 January 2024

**(ARM v. 23.1.15)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="151">Module</th><th width="206">Summary</th><th>Status</th><th>Fix Version(s)</th><th>Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>EZ-Merge 'Reviewer Comments' section not displaying comments entered by reviewer.</td><td>QA Passed</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td>Profiles Sync Issue-CustomSettings issue</td><td>QA Passed</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Package.xml generated from release label is other components that are not in the commits</td><td>QA Passed</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Finding WaveDataflow components for commit</td><td>QA Passed</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Error: Access token as failed while doing a branching baseline</td><td>QA Passed</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Provar version upgrade</td><td>QA Passed</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td>No Code Fix – Only Configuration change for specific customer</td><td>Customer-specific</td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Initial commit failing</td><td>Customer Coordination</td><td></td><td>No Code Fix – Added Loggers</td><td>Data </td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Users’ permissions are being reset.</td><td>Customer Coordination</td><td></td><td>No Code Fix – Added Loggers</td><td><p></p><p>Data</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs, Version Control, Admin, Deployments</td><td>Adding authentication check on web hook APIs</td><td>QA Passed</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td>Change Request</td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Dataloader Pro</p><p> </p></td><td>Issue while deploying promotions from QAT to PRD the rule set criteria is compressing the value while deploying it to RD<br><br></td><td>QA Passed</td><td><p> </p><p>22.3<br> 23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Dataloader Pro</p><p> </p></td><td>Issue on Feature Deployments</td><td>QA Passed</td><td><p> </p><p>22.3<br> 23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td>Use Case</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 14 January 2024

**(ARM v. 23.1.14)**

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="151">Module</th><th width="268">Summary</th><th width="115">Fix Version(s)</th><th width="138">Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>MODULE</td><td>SUMMARY</td><td>FIX VERSION</td><td>RESOLUTION</td><td>CAUSE</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control </td><td>Internal - Default SCA branch not reflected while merging </td><td> 23.1</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>EZ-Merge request with apex class metadata files failed to identify related test classes and auto-rejected with validation failure</td><td> 23.1</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td><p>Missing Component in Package: PROD</p><p> </p></td><td> 23.1</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td><p> </p><p>Release Label not appearing in Deployment tab</p><p> </p></td><td> 23.1</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td><p> </p><p>API broken for job history</p><p> </p></td><td> 23.1</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td><p> </p><p>Deploying Flow - Property 'customErrors' not valid in version 58.0</p><p> </p></td><td> 23.1</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td> Deployments</td><td>Deployment status failed when deploying Vlocity components</td><td> 22.3, 23.1</td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td> Version Control</td><td>On Prevalidation Commit, the SonarQube SCA process is auto-rejected, even for unsupported metadata types.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>Brazil Prod to UAT deployment issue</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td> nCino</td><td> Metadata update is failing</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td> Version Control</td><td>Commit not progressing</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p></td><td><p> </p><p>No Code Fix - Loggers Added</p><p> </p></td><td>Data</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 7 January 2024

**(ARM v. 23.1.13)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="146">Module</th><th width="289">Summary</th><th width="112">Fix Version</th><th width="116">Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Client unable to create New Branching Baseline showing loading icon</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Request to increase the build label size to 150-200 characters</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Provar CI Job run takes a very long time and stops at status "Timed-Out"</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td>ARM API to perform a deployment (or a validation, or a quick deploy)</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>Issue with Regex on Feature Deployments</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Team/Slack in CI job post activity notification, users should not have email dependency in email notification. Suggestion.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Package creation CI job</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>On both CI Results and CI Lists, user getting the “Invalid FilterExpression: Expression size has exceeded the maximum allowed size;(Service: DynamoDb“error) when selecting the “Ungrouped” value under “group by “ filter dropdown</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>CodeScan – EZ-Commit Auto Rejected</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Client login error</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Unable to edit and save changes for Exclude Baseline Managed Package Changes</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>Deployment getting failed for queued jobs</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table>



**17 December 2023**

**(ARM v. 23.1.12)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="148">Module</th><th width="284">Summary</th><th width="124">Fix Version</th><th width="132">Resolution</th><th width="200">Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>Profile/Permission Set Manager Report not loading</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>ARM and CodeScan integration EZ- Commit validation issue. Feature Flag: USE_MASTER_ANALYSIS_PACKAGE_DIRECTORY</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Change Request</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>A non admin user cannot access the repository under the VC module.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>Help investigating deployment errors</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>Not receiving post activity notifications</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Feedback option change to message. Will require updated documentation.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Change Request</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>[On-premises – Signup for Demo] The registration screen opens when clicking on 'Signup for Demo,' even if the account is already registered.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>[On-premises] Service registration tab, alignment tab not visible properly and, when clicking on the tab, redirects to the logout page.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>Unable to view ‘Credential already exists’ popup under ‘My profile.’</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Reports</p><p> </p></td><td>Previously deleted log showing on other label if created Static Code Analysis label previously deleted SCA label name.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>SFDX</p><p> </p></td><td>When creating the package on a new module for the first time through modularization, Package creation failed with the error ["SaiJun19thprofile: An object 'SaiJun19thprofile' of type Profile was named in package.xml.'] Will require updated documentation.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Unable to view committed files in direct EZ revert commit using DX repository.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>[On-Premises] Getting 'Malformed Id: Null' error displaying for a few seconds when performing a rollback operation for Org-to-Org deployment.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>[Org Synchronization] ‘SourceOrg,’ ‘Created date,’ and ‘Created by’ filters are not working properly.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>[On-Premise Testing] CI Job with template option failed due to "Data and Metadata retrieval Failed” error.</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployments</p><p> </p></td><td>ARM API to perform a deployment (or validation or quick deploy)</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>[ARM-SIT] Unable to view branches in SCM history screen</td><td><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table>

**10 December 2023**

**(ARM v. 23.1.11)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="142">Module</th><th width="276">Summary</th><th width="111" align="center">Version(s)</th><th width="130" align="center">Resolution</th><th align="center">Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p> </p><p>All Modules</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>SF CLI Version upgrade to 2.19.8</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>No Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center">Configuration Change request</td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Deployment</p><p> </p></td><td>Experience bundle not properly generated when deploying using release label</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>SFDX</p><p> </p></td><td><p> </p><p>Error creating unlocked package</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>CI Job report for Master-to-BackMerge Org Sync_13-Deployment Failed</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Merge shows no modification, but a CI job is triggered</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>nCino</p><p> </p></td><td>* User is unable to do nCino Feature Deployments * Requires documentation</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1, 22.3</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Dataloader</p><p> </p></td><td>Getting error when clicking on Dataloader configured filter </td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs and Deployments</td><td>ARM API to perform a deployment (or validation or quick deploy)</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Enchancement</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Version Control</p><p> </p></td><td>Unable to perform merge for sub-user, getting error to re-login</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>On-premise: ‘Proxy Configuration settings,’ ‘Audit logs’ section, and ‘Pool Mgnt" screen tab are missing.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>Admin</p><p> </p></td><td>On-premise: When trying to save the ‘Audit Logs’ section in ‘My Account’ screen, the error “Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'showMessage')” is encountered in the console.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p> </p><p>CI Jobs</p><p> </p></td><td>For the 'Create and Install Package' job, when selecting 'Deploy Using Create a Scratch Org and Install Package,' after successfully completing the build, an error is displayed in the log: “this.salesForceOrgDAO” is null.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Admin</td><td>Getting ‘null parameters’ error when clicking on save in the user’s section.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1, 22.3</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Unable to perform merge request for sub-user getting error to re-login.</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Version</p><p>Control</p></td><td>Unable to perform branching baseline on sub-user, getting error to re-login</td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>23.1</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Code Fix</p><p> </p></td><td align="center"><p> </p><p>Use Case</p><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 3 December 2023

**(ARM v 23.1.10)**

| Module          | Summary                                                                                                                                   | Fix Version(s) | Resolution                  | Cause          |
| --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- | --------------------------- | -------------- |
| Admin           | Issue adding user mapping                                                                                                                 | 22.3, 23.1     | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |
| Deployments     | Full org:org deployment failing with no proper reason                                                                                     | 23.1           | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |
| Admin           | Issue with registering new branch in the repository                                                                                       | 23.1           | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |
| Reports         | ARM and CodeScan integration EZ-Commit validation issue                                                                                   | 23.1           | Code Fix                    | Change Request |
| Reports         | New branch created CodeScan issue                                                                                                         | 23.1           | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |
| Deployments     | Destructive package is not generated properly when deploying from git revisions                                                           | 23.1           | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |
| Admin           | nCino View Object Failing                                                                                                                 | NA             | No Code Fix - Added Loggers | Data           |
| Deployments     | Org sync not completing                                                                                                                   | NA             | No Code Fix - Added Loggers | Data           |
| Dataloader      | Corrected a spelling mistake in ARM steps.                                                                                                | 23.1, 22.3     | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |
| Dataloader      | Corrected data seeding error preventing upsert                                                                                            | 23.1, 22.3     | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |
| Reports         | Getting ‘cannot invoke "String.length()" because of "text" is “null”’ error when performing the ‘Get latest reports’ in Weekly reports    | 23.1           | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |
| Reports         | When navigating to Static Code Analysis screen from Reports module, getting the “comparison method violates its general contract!” error. | 23.1           | Code Fix                    | Data           |
| Version Control | On DX branch release label artifact execution, on deleted components, the destructive changes artifact preparation is not generated.      | 23.1           | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |
| nCino           | On-premise testing: CI Job with template option failed due to "data and metadata retrieval failed” error                                  | 23.1, 22.3     | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |
| CI Jobs         | Failed to deploy destructive changes though CI jobs.                                                                                      | 23.1           | Code Fix                    | Use Case       |

#### 26 November 2023

**(ARM v 23.1.9)**

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="122">Module</th><th width="310">Summary</th><th width="145">Fix Version(s)</th><th width="134">Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Admin</td><td>Branching baseline issue</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>The new feature of merging only revision in the CI job build is not working</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>CI job filter not working properly</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Commit not getting detected</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Rejecting a commit is merging the changes</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Admin</td><td>Unable to save Pull Request Plugin config</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>AR commit File Diff process is failing with errors</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Merge auto-rejected but CI job triggered</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Admin</td><td>Changing role from Dev to Admin shows orgs and branches in New EZ- Commit without mapping under profile</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control and Deployment</td><td>Release Label Artifact not including code for a commit</td><td>23.1</td><td>Loggers Added</td><td>Data</td></tr><tr><td>Dataloader</td><td>Dataloader Pro jobs causing huge threads pileup</td><td>23.1</td><td>Enhancement</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>Data Retention – CI Jobs - Observing 'java.lang.NumberFormatException' error in the CI Retention process log when processing the string '2023-08-26.' Please check the date formatting to ensure it is being treated as a string and not causing the exception.</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>While submitting the ALM commit with these “&#x3C;ALM Issue ID>“, “{ALM Issue ID}” ALM patterns, unable to submit the commit</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>Sub-user - Deployment History - While changing the date range filter, getting "Cannot invoke "String.equalsIgnoreCase(String)" because the return value of "com.autorabit.entity.deployment.DeploymentHistory.getCreatedBy()" is null" error</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>With Release label deployment, the flow-meta.xml retrieval issue both constructive and destructive</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 22 November 2023

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="126">Module</th><th width="290">Summary</th><th width="138">Fix Version(s)</th><th width="138">Resolution</th><th width="98">Cause</th><th width="158">Enabled by default?</th><th>Feature Flag Name</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Branch Protection Policy enforced and behavior of EZ- merge</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td><td>NO</td><td>GIT_LOGGEDIN_USER_AS_COMMIT_USER</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Issue while creating feature branches in EZ - Commit screen</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Upload File option not available during EZ- commit with Option package manifest</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 19 November 2023

**(ARM v. 23.1.8)**

<table><thead><tr><th width="121">Module</th><th width="283">Summary</th><th width="101">Fix Version</th><th width="105">Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>Deployment tab - Redeploy/Promote issue</td><td>22.3, 23.1</td><td>Added Loggers</td><td>Data</td></tr><tr><td>Dataloader</td><td>Optimize the Dataloader Pro job logs in the rabit cs log</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>nCino</td><td>Unable to create Feature Migration Template on Debt Schedule object</td><td>22.3, 23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>All Modules</td><td>Invalid Email ID</td><td>22.3, 23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs, Deployments, Version Control, Admin</td><td>Org Sync diff report differs for the same source org compared to different orgs.</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case *</td></tr><tr><td>Dataloader</td><td>Urgent: AutoRABIT is down</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Issue with Block button during Merge Conflict</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>CI job deployment failing: Restriction rules deployed as moderation rule and made the deployment bugged</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>Urgent: Rollback of specific components - Issue</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>Unexpected behavior when disabling component category on rollback destructive changes.</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>SFDX</td><td>Error while using Scratch Org Management tab</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>All Modules</td><td>ARM&#x3C;>ULP Integration Issues</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Auto-reject on commit validation for SCA &#x26; Auto-reject setting in Merge</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 15 November 2023

<table><thead><tr><th width="118">Module</th><th width="279">Summary</th><th width="107">Fix Version</th><th width="108">Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>CI Job is not picking up changes committed on the branch, indicating "No modifications made."</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>Org Synchronization – constructive &#x26; destructive changes are not working together</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Admin</td><td>Sync error between ARM and GIT</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Deployment validation not working correctly during new EZ-Merge</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>Merging only revision in the CI job build not working</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 12 November 2023

**(ARM v. 23.1.7)**

<table><thead><tr><th width="151">Module</th><th width="249">Summary</th><th width="138">Fix Version(s)</th><th width="119">Resolution</th><th>Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>During Org Sync, file names are being repeated as part of the deployment results.</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>User is unable to see the Deployment History.</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs &#x26; Deployments</td><td>User is unable to deploy static resource.</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Reports</td><td>Scheduled Code Coverage Reports are running at the wrong time.</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>nCino</td><td>User is unable to create Feature Migration Template on Debt Schedule object.</td><td>22.3, 23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Dataloader</td><td>User is unable to upload files and update records; system logs user out instead.</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>User is getting timeouts in merge screen.</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 5 November 2023

**(ARM v. 23.1.6)**

<table><thead><tr><th width="153">Module</th><th width="277.3333740234375">Summary</th><th width="121">Fix Version(s)</th><th width="108">Resolution</th><th width="100">Cause</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>All Modules</td><td>SF CLI version upgrade to 2.14.6</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Enhancement</td></tr><tr><td>Environment Provisioning</td><td>View environment provisioning templates</td><td>22.3 &#x26; 23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Enhancement</td></tr><tr><td>Admin</td><td>Branching baseline is not picking all components from production</td><td>22.3 &#x26; 23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Deployments</td><td>Help with destructive change</td><td>22.3 &#x26; 23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Merge request is failing due to validation credentials</td><td>22.3 &#x26; 23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs, Deployments</td><td>Issues with a release – related to Feature Flag - not automatically deployed: STANDARD_VALUE_SET_DELTA</td><td>22.3 &#x26; 23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Data</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Approval button is not visible after successful merge validation</td><td>22.3 &#x26; 23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Data</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Create artifact: not completed</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Data</td></tr><tr><td>Admin</td><td>AutoRABIT login not working</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Error pop-up during merge type selection as Commit Label in EZ-Merge</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Data</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>AutoRABIT AccelQ Integration/ bhg-inc.com</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td><br>Developer API for CI Jobs History not returning latest results.</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>nCino</td><td>Ability to trigger nCino CI jobs using REST API</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Customer Request</td></tr><tr><td>CI Jobs</td><td>For run test automation scripts job: More than one cycle is not displayed in the individual job history</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Unable to delete feature branch under merge request, getting internal server error</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Unable to view the entry of recently created merge request in the merge request history screen</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>Version Control</td><td>Criteria met ALM's not getting fetched under merge request</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Use Case</td></tr><tr><td>nCino</td><td>Instead of POST methods need to change the GET</td><td>23.1</td><td>Code Fix</td><td>Customer Request</td></tr></tbody></table>

#### 27 October 2023

**(ARM v. 23.1.5)**

This was a maintenance release. The following items were enhanced, fixed, or added:

* <mark style="background-color:blue;">**Loggers**</mark> were added to **Reports** and **Dashboard** modules in versions 22.3 and 23.1 due to a data error in which users were unable to fetch a Salesforce **code coverage** report.
* An <mark style="background-color:blue;">**enhancement**</mark> was made by a code fix applied to the **Deployments** and **Org Synchronization** modules in versions 22.3 and 23.1 enabling users to **change deploy text for validations**.
* A code fix was applied to the **CI Jobs** module in version 23.1 identified by use case to **enable validation CI Job comments** to be visible on the **Bitbucket PR**.
* A code fix was applied to the **Admin** module of version 23.1 due to a use case in which modification logs were needed for **Version Control mapping setup**.
* A code fix was applied to the **Version Control** module of version 23.1 related to a use-case error in which **External Pull Requests, when expanding the files in the diff, content was not visible** and showing as undefined.
* A code fix was applied to the **Version Control** module of version 23.1 related to a use-case error in which **External Pull Requests, when expanding files in the diff,** show **duplicate** content.
* A code fix was applied to the **nCino** module of versions 22.3 and 23.1 due to a use-case scenario during dataset creation with saving only user info in **Json that is relevant to current dataset**.
* A code fix was applied to the **Version Control** module of versions 22.3 and 23.1 due to a use-case error with an **AR merge failing**.
* A code fix was applied to the **Version Control** module of versions 22.3 and 23.1 due to a use-case error in which the **incorrect removal of Custom Application type in package.xml on EZ-Commit** via AR occurred.
* A code fix was applied to the **Version Control** module of versions 22.3 and 23.1 in which two **external pull request** issues were occurring.

#### 25 October 2023

This was an interim maintenance release. The following items were enhanced, fixed, or added:

* A Code Fix was applied to the **Deployments** module due to the **Deployment initiated using Org Synchronization failing** caused by a use case with a fix applied to versions 22.3 and 23.1.
* A Code Fix was applied to the **Version control** module due to a **Validation Error** requiring **Feature Flag:** **VALIDATE\_DEPLOY\_PICK\_FILECHANGES\_FROM\_DIFF** caused by a use case with a fix applied to versions 22.3 and 23.1.
* A Code Fix was applied to the **Reports** module due to the **Weekly Code/ Test Coverage Report** taking a long time caused by a use case with a fix applied to versions 22.3 and 23.1.
* A Code Fix was applied to the **Admin** module due to an **SSO Error** as of Sept 25 caused by a use case with a fix applied to versions 23.1.
* A Code Fix was applied to the **Admin** module due to an AutoRABIT **Login Issue** caused by a use case with a fix applied to versions 23.1.
* A Code Fix was applied to the **Version Control** module due to **validation/merge errors** after latest release caused by a use case with a fix applied to versions 23.1.
* A Code Fix was applied to the **Dataloader** module due to the **download button not working** caused by a use case with a fix applied to versions 23.1.

**22 October 2023**

**(ARM v. 23.1.4)**

This is a maintenance release. The following items were enhanced, fixed, or added.

* Performed a code fix to version 23.1 affecting the **Reports** module resulting from a use-case error with **code coverage report emails missing test class errors in the subject.**
* Applied a code fix to version 23.1 for the **Deployments** module resulting from a use-case scenario with user **unable to see deployment history**.
* Instituted a code fix to version 23.1 for the **CI Jobs** module resulting from a use-case error with the **org management page**.
* Implemented a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 affecting the **CI Jobs** module due to a use-case issue to **SFDX/CI jobs with package version installation key**.
* Performed a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 affecting the **Version Control** module for a use-case issue related to **custom label translation file**.
* Applied a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 related to the **Deployments** module for a use-case error with previous **deployment label 'add members'** option not working.
* Performed a code fix to version 23.1 affecting the **Admin** module due to a use-case error with **MyProfile not redirecting properly** and showing the **profile icon** after clicking on the **'profile' button.**
* Implemented a **flow center change** to versions 22.3 and 23.1 for the **Dataloader** module due to a use-case error with the **download button not working**.

#### 18 October 2023

This interim release consisted of the following:

* Performed a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 affecting the **Version Control** module for a use-case issue with a **custom label translation file**.

#### 15 October 2023

**(ARM v23.1.3)**

**AutoRABIT provided the API 59.0 changes as part of its weekly fixes on both 22.3 and 23.1. This is available only for ARM modules, not for Dataloader or nCino. For DL and nCino, API 59.0 changes will be available next week as part of the Wednesday fixes deployment.**

This is a maintenance release. The following items were enhanced, fixed, or added.

* Instituted an <mark style="background-color:blue;">**enhancement**</mark> via code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 affecting **all ARM modules**, applying **Salesforce v.59 upgrade** for **Winter 2024**.
* Performed a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 relating to a use-case error affecting the **CI Jobs** module concerning a **package directory** issue.
* Applied a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 due to a use-case scenario pertaining to the **Environmental Provisioning** module with **users not able to generate** a **migration template** using the **migrate custom setting data module**.
* Issued a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 for a use-case error in the **Version Control** module with a **custom label translation file**.
* Performed a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 relating to a use-case error affecting the **Deployments** module concerning **bugs in deployment** with **multi-packages** and **static resource**.
* Applied a code fix to version 22.3 resulting from a use-case error affecting **Dataloader** returning an '**invalid cross reference id**' error for **ProcessInput** and **ProcessingInputCondition** objects.
* Implemented a code fix to version 23.1 for a use-case error to the **Version Control** module, in which **duplicate commits** were being created.
* Performed a code fix to version 23.1 for a use-case error to the **Version Control** module pertaining to **Deployment history**, with the **deployment status not being visible**.
* Performed a code fix to version 23.1 relating to a use-case error affecting the **nCino** module in which users are **unable to deploy nCino feature (RBC)**, instead returning a '**malformed query**' result.
* Performed a code fix to version 23.1 relating to a use-case error to the **Version Control** module with users **unable to perform new pull request commit** due to **commit template permission**.
* Executed a code fix to version 23.1 relating to a use-case error affecting the **Version Control** module with users continually **getting a login redirect error** when trying to **create a branc**h through an **EZ-Commit**.
* Performed a code fix to version 23.1 relating to a use-case error in the **Version Control** module with users **unable to create a commit label**, continually getting a **login redirect** error.
* Performed a code fix to version 23.1 relating to a use-case error affecting the **Admin** module, particularly a **SuperAdmin** user, not getting any response to the **scheduler's service registration button** without **expanding** the selection.
* Initiated a code fix related to a use-case scenario in version 23.1 affecting the **Version Control** module with **release labels getting failed after restarting** the agent.
* Applied a code fix related to a use-case scenario affecting version 23.1 in the **nCino** module, when **parallel CI jobs limit** was reached, the **job** was **not added** to the **queu**e.
* Performed a code fix to correct a use-case error in version 23.1 related to the **nCino** module for a **merge missing changes**.
* Performed a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 relating to a use-case error affecting the Version Control module, in which users were **unable to create/append a revision** to an **existing label** for a **sub-user**.
* Implemented a code fix to version 22.3 relating to a use-case error in the **Version Control** module in which the user was getting **empty error pop-ups** under the **ALM management screen** for a **sub-user**, not displaying the **ALM item**s.
* Performed a code fix to version 23.1 relating to a use-case error affecting the **nCino** module with a **job deployment** issue.
* Applied a code fix to version 23.1 relating to a use-case error affecting the **nCino** module for a **CI job build getting failed**.
* Initiated a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 relating to a use-case error affecting the **nCino** module for a '**no modifications status**' displayed for a **version control BR job**.

#### 11 October 2023

* Performed a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 related to a use case scenario affecting the **Version Control** module related to **ALM tickets** being **bugged** after using the **ALM sync refresh**.
* Performed a code fix to version 23.1 related to the **Deployments** and **CI Jobs** modules affecting a use-case error being issued during **CI Deployment** for **property 'userLicense' not valid** in version 57.0.

#### 8 October 2023

#### (ARM v23.1.2)

This is a maintenance release. The following items were enhanced, fixed, or added.

* Performed a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 for a use-case error affecting the **Admin** module relating to **code coverage issues**.
* Applied a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 related to a use-case error in the **Deployments** module concerning a **flow component missed in the deployment**.
* Implemented a code fix to versions 22.3 and 23.1 for a use-case error related to a specific customer’s fields for **redeployment**.
* Applied a code fix to version 23.1 for a use-case error affecting the **Deployments** module related to **metadata production and a deployment issue**.
* Integrated a code fix to version 23.1 affecting the **Deployments** and **CI Jobs** modules for a **deployment issue running all test classes**.
* Performed a code fix to the **nCino** module in version 23.1 pertaining to **Salesforce Orgs not showing** as **source orgs** for **nCino feature management deployments**.
* Applied a code fix to the **nCino** module in versions 22.3 and 23.1 pertaining to **\[arm-qan] no modification status displayed for version control BR job**.
* Added **loggers** to versions 22.3 and 23.1 to correct a use-case error in the **Deployments** module pertaining to a **deployment bug** occurring with **multi packages** and **static resources**.

#### 1 October 2023

**(ARM v23.1.1)**

This is a maintenance release. The following items were enhanced, fixed, or added.

* A code fix was applied to the version control module in releases 22.3 and 23.1 due to a use-case error with a **user being unable to create a new commit**.
* A code fix was performed in the 23.1 release to the version control module for a use-case error when **merging destructive changes**.
* A code fix was instituted to the CI Jobs module in version 23.1 to address when **a CI job has two different package directories**. Changes were failing under one package when the analysis was completed in CodeScan.
* A code fix was performed for release versions 22.3 and 23.1 to the deployments module for a use-case error resulting in a **buggy deployment** with **multi packages** and the **static resources** being bugged as well.
* A code fix was applied to the version control module in releases 22.3 and 23.1 concerning a use-case error for an **EZ-Commit**, where the **user was unable to view the 'deleted components' tab** for the commit template when unchecking the '**skip mappings**' checkbox.
* A code fix was implemented to versions 22.3 and 23.1 to correct an error with the deployments module due to a **deployment** initiated using **org synchronization failing**.
* A code fix was applied to releases 22.3 and 23.1 due to a use-case error in which the **registration date** of the **repository** **was not correct** in the **version control repository** (**created date** in AutoRABIT).
* A code fix was performed to versions 22.3 and 23.1 due to a data error in the version control module **preventing ALM working items from loading**.
* A code fix was initiated for versions 22.3 and 23.1 due to a data error affecting the reports module, which occurred when executing a **static code analysis** (CodeScan) report.
* A code fix was performed to version 23.1 in the version control module resulting from a data error on the **commit history screen**.
* A code fix was implemented in versions 22.3 and 23.1 to the version control module related to a use-case error wherein the **baseline job** has **modified the Salesforce folder structure in GitHub**.
* **Loggers were added** in the version 23.1 release due to a data error in the version control module causing **duplicate commits** to be created.
* A code fix was implemented to the nCino module for versions 22.3 and 23.1 for a data error in which the **records count** was **not** being **updated** in the object sidebar for the version control baseline revision job.

#### 24 September 2023

**(ARM v23.1)**\
This is a maintenance release. The following items were enhanced, fixed, or added:

* A code fix was applied to the Deployment module due to a data error concerning an Org difference pulling changes from the managed packages.
